README.md, before:

crosslingual-cwi
==============================

Models for crosslingual complex word identification

Project Organization
------------

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train`
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── data
    │   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources.
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed.
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling.
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── docs               <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details
    │
    ├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt`
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
    │   │
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download, generate or preprocess data
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make predictions
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
    │
    └── tox.ini            <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.testrun.org


--------

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>

Commit message:

added instructions to the README.

README.md, after:

Cross-lingual Complex Word Identification
=========================================

Models for cross-lingual complex word identification.

Instructions
------------

We will follow the Fork and Pull Workflow. Instructions on how this development model works are given [here](https://reflectoring.io/github-fork-and-pull/).  

Once you have cloned your fork, run `git setup.py develop` from the root folder, so that the `src` module is "installed" and can be imported from anywhere in the code.

Project Organization
--------------------

    ├── LICENSE
    ├── Makefile           <- Makefile with commands like `make data` or `make train` (we won't use use for now)
    ├── README.md          <- The top-level README for developers using this project.
    ├── data
    │   ├── external       <- Data from third party sources (e.g., dictionaries, word lists, etc.).
    │   ├── interim        <- Intermediate data that has been transformed (e.g., data after processing).
    │   ├── processed      <- The final, canonical data sets for modeling (the final datasets that would not suffer further processing).
    │   └── raw            <- The original, immutable data dump.
    │
    ├── docs               <- A default Sphinx project; see sphinx-doc.org for details (don't worry about this for now)
    │
    ├── models             <- Trained and serialized models, model predictions, or model summaries 
    │                          (if the trained models are going to be stored, this is the place to save them)
    │
    ├── notebooks          <- Jupyter notebooks. Naming convention is a number (for ordering),
    │                         the creator's initials, and a short `-` delimited description, e.g.
    │                         `1.0-jqp-initial-data-exploration`.
    │
    ├── requirements.txt   <- The requirements file for reproducing the analysis environment, e.g.
    │                         generated with `pip freeze > requirements.txt` (don't worry about this for now)
    │
    ├── setup.py           <- makes project pip installable (pip install -e .) so src can be imported
    ├── src                <- Source code for use in this project.
    │   ├── __init__.py    <- Makes src a Python module
    │   │
    │   ├── data           <- Scripts to download, generate or preprocess data
    │   │
    │   ├── features       <- Scripts to turn raw data into features for modeling
    │   │
    │   ├── models         <- Scripts to train models and then use trained models to make predictions
    │   │
    │   └── visualization  <- Scripts to create exploratory and results oriented visualizations
    │
    └── tox.ini            <- tox file with settings for running tox; see tox.testrun.org


--------

<p><small>Project based on the <a target="_blank" href="https://drivendata.github.io/cookiecutter-data-science/">cookiecutter data science project template</a>. #cookiecutterdatascience</small></p>
